Config file formalization and credential sets: part 3, credential sets (#3713)
chef/inspec: docs/reporters.md

Introduced in InSpec 1.51.6

> InSpec allows you to output your test results to one or more reporters. You can configure the reporter(s) using either the `--config` (or `--json-config`, prior to v3.6) option or the `--reporter` option. While you can configure multiple reporters to write to different files, only one reporter can output to the screen(stdout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InSpec allows you to output your test results to one or more reporters. Configure the reporter(s) using either the `--config` (or `--json-config`, prior to v3.6) option or the `--reporter` option. While you can configure multiple reporters to write to different files, only one reporter can output to the screen(stdout).
```

Also, it would be great to define what a reporter is at the top of this doc.

## Automate Reporter

> The automate reporter type is a special reporter used with the Automate 2 suite. To use this reporter you must pass in the correct configuration via a json config `--config`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Automate reporter type is a special reporter used with Chef Automate (Version 2). To use this reporter you must pass in the correct configuration via a json config `--config`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automate reporter type is a special reporter used with the [Chef Automate](https://automate.chef.io/). To use this reporter you must pass in the correct configuration via a json config `--config`.
```

Author: For the first mention I've placed `automate` in backticks, because it refers to the technical name of the reporter, and case matters.  I've placed the second reference in a link.
